between these and you can see this is
all grayed out because it's all a
comment and then afterwards I can put
number equals it they can put number
equals nine and you can see it will be
in color again because it's no longer
commented out
now we're going to talk about data types
and variables in computer science data
is anything that is meaningful to the
computer and javascript provides seven
different data types that you can use
within JavaScript now some of the more
obvious and most common are strings and
numbers a string is just any sort of
text a number is a number now let's go
from the top so undefined is something
that hasn't been defined you may have a
variable that you haven't set to be
anything yet null means nothing so
you've set it to be something and that
thing is nothing so you can say this is
null or nothing a boolean means true or
false we talked about string a symbol is
an immutable primitive value that is
unique now we'll talk more about those
later numbers number and an object can
store a lot of different key value pairs
again we'll talk more about those later
now Euler you are often going to set
data into a variable a variable allows
computers to store and manipulate data
in a dynamic fashion
it's basically a label to point to the
data variables almost like a box and you
can fill it with anything
you'll fill it with the data that you
want so to declare a variable one way is
to use the VAR keyword var stands for
variable and I can say my name I can set
this to anything it can be any of the
data types above but it's common to set
something to a string so I can set my
name to be Bo now later you can set to
be something else I can say my name
equals eight and you can just set other
data types later now there are actually
three ways to declare a variable in
JavaScript so var is one of them and for
awhile that was the only way but there
are other ways too there's a way called
let so I can say let our name
and then I can say equals free code camp
and then the other thing would be Const
so I could do a say you can't speak
wills and 3.14 now the difference
between varlet and Const VAR is going to
be able to be used throughout your whole
program let will only be used within the
scope of where you declare that now
we're going to be talking about letting
Const more later so I'm just giving you
a brief overview of what they are now
Const is a variable that should never